Previously onCharmed...MEL: Tell the Elders
I will do anything
to save her. Anything.
It's a powerful history
rewriting spell.
MEL: To make it
as if Niko and I never met.
HARRY: There will be
ripple effects and other
unintended consequences
that simply cannot be foreseen.
Oh, my God.
I never got this job.
Nice to meet you,
Maggie. I'm Summer.
Look, I should
probably explain...How you got together
with someone else, like,
a minute after we kissed?
You mean after you blew me off
several times.
I got the message,
and I moved on.
Got the right message, didn't I?
HARRY: A mark like that
cannot be dismissed.
We need to know
exactly what it looked like.
I need you to do
a social media deep dive
and find out
who Parker cheated with.
Ta-da. Found her.
You are finished
at Kappa.
I never want
to see your face
again.
MAGGIE:
Wakey, wakey.
Hi, sunshine.
You've been asleep
all day.
The light.Good thing
we're witches, not vampires.
I was being constructive,
I swear.
I was researching
something,
and I passed out.Okay, we know
you're still hurting
over Niko...But you can't stay moping
in bed forever.
It's time to shower,
put on something
other than yoga pants...
And face the world.
I wasn't moping.
I was keeping busy.
Look, the pattern
that was found on Mom
and the other Elders
that were killed is something
called a Lichtenberg figure.
Yeah, I've
heard of them.
They're associated
with high-voltage electricity.Exactly.
And they're found
on people or places
that have been struck
by lightning.
So Mom was killed
by some sort of...
lightning demon?
MEL:
Seems like it.
But, so far,
I've found 893 demons
associated with lightning
and electricity.
Why is it always hundreds
and never, like, five?
Trust me,
I'll find it.
Okay, that's enough.
You need to get
some fresh air.
It smells
like old gym socks in here.
Yeah, look,
you're not gonna crack
this clue tonight.
So, I'm suggesting
Mojito Night at the Haunt?
Yes. Yes!
Come on.
The Haunt.
No excuses.
You love the Haunt.
♪ Work, work, harder, harder
♪ We work, work
for the dollar, dollar ♪
Cheers, bitches.
What did you call us?
Mm. :
It's code.
You know,
pretend I'm saying
the W-word instead.You know,
I really am starting
to warm to your inane chatter.
I may actually miss it
once the Elders determine
it's time for me to move out.
MEL: And when is
that, exactly?
We do have The Book of Shadows
back.
Well, I'm sure
their decision is imminent.
Congratulations.
To getting Mel out of the house.
Yesh.
Oh. Your shirt
is on inside out.
I showered.
That was your only requirement.
Doesn't it feel so good
to be out, guys?
I've practically
been an agoraphobe
since Lucy kicked
me out of Kappa.
You okay?Now my Insta's
full of...
happy pledges, all excited
for Initiation Week.
I would have been a full-fledged
Kappa sister tomorrow.
You'll find
another group to join.
Greek life is toxic anyway.
MACY: Well, I'm glad
we're out, too.
I can't stop thinking
about that mark on Galvin,
and I haven't been able to find
it in The Book of Shadows.
Galvin's seemingly
normal outward appearance
doesn't preclude him
from danger.
I've done some research.
There are several
recently recorded instances
of mortals being marked
by demons
as part of--
one assumes--
a larger plan.
A demon could be using Galvin
to get to the three of you.
You must remain
on your guard.
Mm-hmm.
Here you go.Thank you.
Oh.
Thank you.So kind.
Can anyone spot me?
No job means no check.
Oh, on that subject,
there's an opening
in the administrative department
at the university.
I pulled some strings
and got you an interview
tomorrow afternoon.
Hey, that's great.
The administrative department?
It is a paycheck.
And it gets you out
of the house.
Fine.
Whatever.
It's just an interview.
Good.WOMAN: Hi, Lucy!
LUCY :
Yes!
Oh, my gosh. Hey, Ben.Hey. What's up?
LUCY :
How's it going?
WOMAN 2: Hey, girl.LUCY: My ladies.
MACY:
Should we...
finish our drinks
and go home?No.
Maybe this is my chance
to clear the air.
I'll bring over a pitcher
of skinny mojitos
as a peace offering.
Hi.
Um...
I know I'm probably, like,
the last person you want
to see right now.
But I just
want to say,
again,
I'm sorry.
I really screwed up.
I can't change
what happened,
but at least you can
have a round on me.
You know, that is
just what I need.
Mm. A round on you.
Don't.
Let her do it.
If she lets it all out,
maybe she'll forgive me.
Maggie.
I kissed her boyfriend,
and I lied about it.
I deserve to be drenched
in rum and aspartame.
Nobody deserves that.
I meant to do that.
Those boots
are trag.
Stay away from me, Maggie.
Come on, Maggie.
Let's go.
Damn, Lucy. You're
forgetting our mantra,
WWGPD.
Even Gwyneth Paltrow
has her limits.
Yeah, but throwing
a drink?
Your vibe is way off.
Just need to find
your Zen, stat.
♪ I'll face my own demons.
Nope.
I need some damn serenity.
Hmm.
♪
[loud dance music playing
in distance]
Keep it down, betches!
I'm getting my Zen on in here!
WOMAN:
Sorry, Lucy!
♪
What was that?
Dr. Vaughn.
Dr. Gregorian, good morning.
Where are those analyses
you owe me?
They will be on your desk
within the hour.
What's this?
Sign up to have blood taken,
courtesy of Morningstar Biotech.
Since they're funding
the lab now,
drug tests are mandatory
for all employees.
New sponsors,
new rules.
Soon we'll all be doing
their bidding.
GALVIN: No dancing on the tables
like the last time.
It's gonna be
a good time though.
Uh, bring whoever
you want.
You know,
everybody's welcome.
But, uh, yeah,
yeah, yeah...
It's gonna be
a great time. Yeah.
So, come anytime
after 6:00.
Bring a bottle,
come hungry. Okay?
I'm in.Yeah, yeah.
Uh, it's just a-- it's, like, a
low-key birthday thing tonight.
Oh, sorry. I-I didn't know.
Sorry.Mm.
I mean, you're...
you're-you're more
than welcome to come.
Oh, I'm there.
I'll bake.
Your place?
Too small. I, uh, reserved
the Renzi Room on campus.
Look,
Summer's gonna be there.
Is that cool?
So cool.
Can't wait.
All right.
I told you to stay
away from me.
I know, but I'm not giving up.
Look, you and Kappa
are just too important to me.
There has to be something
I can do to make this right.
Lucy doesn't want to
talk to you, Maggie.
As if.I'm sorry,
do I know you?
Is that pink
and blue eye shadow?
Maggie, have you
completely lost it?
Brenda's a Kappa sister.
A very important one.
Get rid of her.
She is not
your friend.
She's not a Kappa.
LUCY:
Get the hell out.
We're busy getting ready
for initiation.
Where is everyone?
LUCY: I can't believe she
would show her face here.
What a poser.
Now, Lucy.
Yes, Brenda?
Are you psyched for Hell Week?
Yas, queen!
Woo-hoo!
MEL: You're supposed to be
helping me find an outfit
for this interview
Harry's making me go to.
Sorry.
I think something's up at Kappa.Agree.
They're internalizing the
patriarchy, for starters.
I'm serious.
I went over to see Lucy...
Why would you do that,
after what she did to you?
You're missing the point.
There was a new sister.
Brenda.
I've never seen her before
in my life.
That doesn't mean anything.
Remember Summer the Succubus?
You thought she was a demon when
she actually was just amazing.
You're just projecting.
No, you don't understand.
If Brenda were a real Kappa,
I would know.
For Pledge Week, I had
to memorize every Kappa's name,
major, drink of choice...
Wait a second.
♪ Yeah, don't listen
to that voice ♪
There. Look.
This is why I
can't find her.
"Students Mourn
Tragic Death
of Hilltowne Freshman."
Brenda Mancini.
Drank too many wine coolers
and fell off the Kappa roof.
February 13.
1989.
Well, that explains
the eye shadow.
Brenda from Kappa's
a freaking ghost.
A ghost. Oh, dear.Don't tell me a ghost
is worse than a demon.
Well, that all depends
on the type
of ghost, I'm afraid.
There are...
Five?Hundreds.
Ranging in menace
from Casper
to The Conjuring.
No! Oh...
HARRY: Oh, dear,
it looks awful.
Galvin didn't want
to invite me anyway,
Summer already thinks
I'm some jealous clinger,
and now I'm the weirdo
bringing the burnt pie.
Maybe I
shouldn't go.
Yeah, it sounds like you need
help identifying this ghost.
Macy, you can't ignore
this mark.
It's glowing brighter.
Danger could be imminent.MEL: Don't worry.
I'll help Maggie
with the ghost.And youhave
your job interview.
This is obviously
more important.
I think Maggie
can handle
looking up a spell in the Book.
Plus, you hate Kappa.I'm not gonna
let you face
a demonic ghost alone.
HARRY: Fine.
Consult the Book.
It will tell you
how to identify
the type of specter
and then how
to vanquish it.
Keep me posted.
In the meantime...
why don't I accompany you
to your soiree.
Maggie couldn't see the mark,
but perhaps I can.
And Summer
won't think you're
the jealous type if you arrive
with a chap on your arm.
I guess that's true.
I also happen to have
a delightful recipe
for Welsh rarebit.
Welsh rabbit?
Rarebit. It's an exquisite
cheese sauce on toast.
A real hit
at gatherings. It's...O-Okay.
Yeah, fine.
I-I guess you can come.
Splendid.
Have fun, you two.
Mmm.
How do we identify a ghost?
"Call to a restless spirit."
Okay, so to determine
what type of ghost,
we need to know
what she wants,
why she's haunting.
We need to recreate the moment
that the ghost can't
move on from
with this spell.
BOTH:
Brenda Mancini...
Anima, dic nobis quod velis.
Cur hic praees?
♪ I'll tell your mama
♪ I'll tell your friends
♪ I'll tell anyone
whose heart can comprehend... ♪
We're on campus.
Yeah.
♪ Tell you on the phone...
In the '80s.
Like, totally.
♪ I miss you much... I don't think
they can see us.
Or touch us, apparently.
It's like we're ghosts.
Okay, look around.
Brenda must be here
somewhere.
♪ I'm rushing home
to see your smiling face ♪
♪ And feel your warm...
What am I watching?
It's a fund-raiser.
Now we do Pilates for
Poverty, but it looks like
then it was...They did aerobics,
and creepy frat guys
pay to watch.
It's not like that now.
Here comes Brenda.
♪ Send it in a letter, baby
♪ Tell you on the phone
♪ I'm not the kind of girl
who likes to be alone... ♪
:
Hi, guys.
So sorry I'm late.Like...
what are you
doing here, Brenda?
I'm, like, here for my shift.
Like, don't they realize
they sound like idiots?Shh.
Only Kappas are allowed
to participate
in Aerobics for Alzheimer's.
You're no longer pledging.
I believe
I made that very clear
on your answering machine.
Oh.
Oh, I-I thought
that was a pledge prank.
Oh, my God.
We would never be that harsh
to one of our pledges.
But you're not one
anymore, so...
:
Why are you doing this?
Jenna, you're
my friend.
Wasyour friend.
Brenda, you're buggin'.
And frankly,
it's skeeving us all out.
So let me be perfectly clear.
Attention, Hilltowne University.
Brenda Mancini
is most definitely
no longer a Kappa.
Kappas combine the class
of Princess Di with the sass
of Duchess Fergie.
Brenda so does not.
MAGGIE:
The Kappas I know would never
act like this.
Oh, my God.
Is that...
It's Mom.
Wait, but what about Brenda?
We already know what
they did to her.
This is Mom.
You were just with the doctor?
What did he say?
The doctor says
everything's fine.
That's Macy in there.
MARISOL:
But he doesn't know,
you know, who
I really am.
Oh, come on.
You can't think
this has anything to do
with you being a witch.
MARISOL:
Couldn't it?
I'm a witch
who sees the future.
Marisol, you can't
keep obsessing like this.
It's natural to be scared.
Every first-time mom is.
But it's all gonna be okay.
No, this is
more than that.
I think something's
wrong with the baby.
Really wrong.
Why did it end?
I wanted to see more.
Me too.
She was so young.
She was scared.
About the baby.
What do you think it means?
Well, obviously Macy
came out fine.
And I think we know
what kind of ghost Brenda is.
She must be a banshee.
She died in pain,
and now she's spreading
sorrow and misery.
Do we really have
to get rid of her?
Seems to me the Kappas deserve
a little sorrow and misery.
Poor Brenda.
Okay, let's go.
We can learn the spell
in the car.
♪ All's fair in love and war,
somewhere... ♪
Very nice.
♪ Fashion faux pas
♪ Why the pigeon
treated differently ♪
♪ Than the turtledove
Macy, thanks for coming.
Thanks for having me.
And...?
Harry Greenwood, professor
of women's studies.
I come bearing rarebit.
Rabbit?
No. Rarebit.
A Welsh rarebit,
to be exact.
Did someone say Welsh rarebit?
I practically lived
on the stuff during
my semester abroad at Cambridge.Oh, what a delight.
Prepare your taste buds for
a trip down memory lane.
For you.
Macy, this one's a keeper.
Hi. I'm Summer.
I'm Harry. But we're not...Oh, he's not...
We're just friends.
For clarity.
Okay.
Galvin,
could I steal you for one sec?
Yeah, of course.
Mm.
I guess that wasn't too
awkward, hmm?
Hard to tell.
I'm British-- awkward
is kind of our thing.
♪
MACY :
There. Look.
Can you see it?
Hmm, that's odd.
I'm afraid I can't
see anything.
What?
Come on, it's right there.
MACY:
It's glowing again.
I mean, I...
Whoa.
Now, thatwas awkward.
♪
♪ I've been wonderin'
if it ever could be... ♪
GALVIN:
That's my grandmother.
My granme.
Summer insisted that we get all
these old pictures out of here.
She seems really sweet.
Yeah, she was. But she
could also cut a bitch.
She had to be like that
growing up poor in Haiti.Oh,
I-I didn't know
you were Haitian.Mm-hmm.
And Dominican.
Little Portuguese
sprinkled in there, too.
Family lore is that we had
some famous pirates in the mix.
Arr. Arr.I would buy that.
Galvin.
Someone named Kretz
clogged up the
men's room.
'Course he did.
I'll call maintenance
to bring a plunger.
♪
So...
I'm glad we have
a moment to talk.
Yeah. You know,
about the other night...
Can we just stop
with these games?
Sorry, I don't know
what you're talking about.
I saw you checking
Galvin out earlier.
No, no, it's not...
Look, Macy, I tried to be cool.
You need to back off.
A triumph.
You all right?Let's go.
He-He's not
in any danger, and...
I think I have a lead.
But they're about
to start karaoke.
Some other time.
Resolve tuum dolor.
No, it's dolorum.
I am so over Latin.
I should get course credit
for being a witch.
It's not working.
Are you sure about this?
Yes. I saw Niko do it once.
Where are they?
That crazy bitch
left with Lucy.
Was it the crazy bitch with
the janky two
Brenda?Yes.
I think I peed my skinnies.
This is weird.
These girls aren't
under Brenda's spell.
But Lucy was.
She thought Brenda was a sister.
So she's not haunting everyone.
Just Lucy.
Any idea on where they went?
Uh, I don't know.
Uh, th-that Brenda girl
was talking about some,
um, treacherous friend
and how it was unfair.
A treacherous friend.
She must mean...Jenna,
the mean girl from the
quad who betrayed her.
Brenda wants revenge.
And because
she doesn't have a body,
she needs Lucy
to do her bidding.
Jenna's in danger.
Oh, God.
We have to find her.
Um, keep them frozen.
I have an idea.
I found her. Harry!
We have to save a middle-aged
sorority sister.
I'm sorry... what?
No time to explain.
Her name is Jenna Gordonson
and she's in danger.
Can you access the alumni
database and find her address?
Well, yes, but I...
And wipe their
memories. Hurry!
Good God,
a Whitelighter's work
is never done.
MACY:
"The cowrie shell shields
the bearer."
Hmm.
Sorry about that,
your sisters
are on the trail of a banshee.
Are they okay?Thus far.
Now, were were we?
I think Galvin's mark
is a cowrie shell.
The Booksays
in Yoruba tradition
it's placed upon infants
to give them
lifelong protection
from magical beings.
Good news, then.
This mark is not
of demonic origin.
It still doesn't explain why I'm
the only one who can see it.
Well, is it possible you're
the one who activated it,
with that kiss on Halloween?
It would explain
why you and Galvin
were driven apart
in the time since.
I don't know if I can
blame that on the mark.
I pretty much drove him away.
I've been pretty unapproachable
as long as I've known him.
Don't say that
about yourself, Macy.
You're not like
that at all.
Thanks, Harry.
Thanks for coming
to Galvin's party with me.
My pleasure.
You're a good friend.
Well, thank you.
I enjoy you and your
sisters' company, too.
In truth, the Elders
decided days ago
you three no longer need
added protection,
now the Bookhas been returned,
but I-I must confess,
I've been rather
reluctant to leave.
As exotic and thrilling
as my life may seem,
it can be isolating.
Being here has
been a nice change.
I suppose what I'm
trying to say
is I consider you three...
friends, as well.
Harry, that is so sweet.
Good.
Hey, you know
what Galvin told me?
He has family from Haiti.
I'm pretty sure forms
of the Yoruba religion
are practiced there.
Bingo. A priestess.
Haitian Yoruba practitioner
not far from here.
Four stars on
Yelp, no less.
Let's go.
Maybe she can tell me
why I'm the only one
who can see this mark.
Dr. Vaughn,
the scientist,
wishes to seek counsel
from a priestess?
Well, Harry,
this is a scientist
who got dressed
with her mind this morning.
Fair point.
WOMAN: You're reporters from BuzzFeed?
Yeah. We're, uh,
intrepid reporters.Ah.
And you're Jenna Gordonson,
Kappa alum, correct?
Yes.
I was president
in the late '80s.
And you're safe,
so that's good.
What is it you ladies
wanted to ask me?
Oh, we are doing an article:
ten spookiest deaths
in the Greek system,
and we wanted to ask you
about one of them.
Why, has there been
another death at Kappa?
Anotherdeath at Kappa?
What do you mean?
Brenda's death
really shook me.
As Kappa president,
I tried to cut down
on the drinking on Greek Row.
But that wasn't
very popular, so...
girls kept dying
in the same way.
Getting drunk,
climbing up on the roof...
and falling to their deaths.
Why is this this first I'm
hearing of these accidents?
Because the alumni board
covers it up.
But it's in the papers.
JENNA:
Sure, it's in the papers,
but you won't find
any link to Kappa.
And Brenda was the first
of these deaths?
What exactly
happened with her?
We know she was bullied and
kicked out of pledge class.
Bullied?
Brenda was the bully.
We don't bully at Kappa.
Exactly.
See? This is what
I've been telling you.
I don't get it.
You were her friend
and you kicked her out.
JENNA:
You would have kicked
her out, too,
if you knew what
she was really like.
Cruel. Manipulative.
No loyalty.
She slept with Heather M.
and Heather B.'s boyfriends.
The night after
we cut her,
she broke into Kappa,
stole her initiation candle--
God knows why--
then climbed up onto the roof to
hang a banner saying all kinds
of nasty stuff about us.
But she was drunk
on wine coolers...
and she fell.
We got this all wrong.
Brenda died in anger.
She's a revenant.
And she's been killing sisters
the same way she died.
Oh, my God.
Brenda's gonna kill Lucy.
Can't we go back
to the store
for something less
cough
Shut up and chug, loser.
Okay.
MACY:
Nails, too.
Well, this priestess
certainly knows how to hustle.
We all have day jobs, Macy,
and they come in various forms.
Consider me, a learned
Women's Studies professor wi...
Harry?
Your sisters
are calling me again.
Can you proceed solo?
Of course.
MAMA ROZ:
So...
my dear,
you seek the light
of knowledge?
You've come to
the right place.
It's $20 for ten minutes.
This is a rare chance
to hear from someone
who has the sight.
The ability to hear
precisely what you need to know.
Trust Mama Roz.
I have the gift.
And bills to pay,
so, if you don't mind.
Mm.
So I just need to know
more about this symbol.
Where did you see this mark?
On a friend.
And yousaw it?
Yes.
I think it's
some kind of
protection ward, right?
Yes.
Fates step in
if the wearer of the mark
gets too close.
Close, mOh, no.
Stay away from him...
or her.
They're not for you.
Why?
Because...
you've got the Ibi in you.
What does the Ibi mean?
I believe your time is up.
Tell me.
It means darkness.
You've got darkness
inside you.
Since you were born.
:
Forget it.
I don't know what I
was thinking consulting
a psychic for answers.
You're different from
your sisters, child.
Search within.
Don't you feel it?
The pillar of your path holds
the key to your darkness.
Maybe we should
go back down, Brenda.
We're not supposed
to be up here.
Stop being such
a buzzkill.
The fun is just
getting started.
But I'm afraid of heights.
Oh, don't worry.
You won't be here long.
'Cause you're gonna jump.
What?
After this wine cooler
you will be
just drunk enough.
You're gonna jump, Lucy.
You are gonna die,
just like I did.
Brenda... I can't.
You can and you will.
Oh, for the love of God,
that really takes it out of me.
Sorry, Harry, but this
is a real Kappamergency.
Guys!
Lucy, stop!
Mel, start the
Revenant Vanquishing spell.
Okay. Okay.
Audi nos, refer
te unde subivieris.
Sorry. Yeah, still here.
Bummer-rama for you.
Oh, my God,
why didn't it work?
LUCY:
Leave me alone!
Do you have any idea
how hard it is
for me every time you show up
reminding me
of what you did?!
We were friends, Maggie.
I trusted you.
Oh, my God.
I get it. I did this.
I'm the treacherous friend.
Lucy, I'm so sorry!
I've been so selfish.
Maggie doesn't care about you.
You know what would
hurt her the most?
If you jumped
to your death.
No!Time to bounce, Lucy. Jump!
No!
She's trying
to break my concentration.
Figure out what the hell
this is, or Lucy is toast!
Mortals can sometimes
conjure ghosts.
"In which case, one
must heal the hurt
of the conjurer
to vanquish it."
We need to heal Lucy's hurt,
and not Brenda's,
and I'm the one
who hurt her.
Whatever it is, do it fast.
Harry, can't you teleport
up there and get her?
Oh, teleport into midair?Yeah.
Oh, it's a bit unorthodox,
but yes, I suppose so.
Lucy,
I'm so sorry.
She's lying.
Lucy, kill her!
Maggie!
Don't.
I was selfish.
I wasn't a loyal friend,
and then I played the victim,
like Brenda,
because I felt excluded.
I kept trying
to get you to forgive me,
when what you really needed
was space.
And I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Whoa.
You again.
Ugh. My head is killing me.
You, um...
drank a lot
of wine coolers tonight.
Wine coolers?
That's a new low.
Wait, what are
you doing here?
And why do I feel
less mad at you?
We had a talk
while you were drunk.
And I'm gonna
give you some space.
I would love if we could
be friends again someday.
So...
whenever you're ready,
I'm... I'm here.
♪ Feeling my way
through the darkness ♪
♪ Guided by a beating heart...
MEL:
So,
how'd it go?
Well, I have
to give her some space,
but at least
she doesn't hate me.
What about Kappa?
Yeah, it's not happening.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't hearing how
important Kappa was to you.
And we all need lives
outside of being a witch.
And I guess I need to
start rebuilding mine.
I miss Niko.
I miss her so much.
Oh. Mel.
I can feel
how sad you are.
And I can smell how long
you've been wearing that shirt.
I wore this the day we met.
And it's like I don't
want to take it off,
because then it's
real, you know?
She's gone.
And that's why I haven't
wanted to look for a new job.
Then I'm really
starting a new life...
without her.
Yeah, it's hard to let go.
But if you don't,
then you end up...
A ghost with an
axe to grind?
Macy's at The Haunt.
Let's go.
♪
Wait. We have to tell Macy
about seeing Mom in the '80s.
She'll be so touched to know
Mom was so worried about her.
God, I almost forgot
all that happened.
Hey, we have
something to tell you.
Okay if I go first?
Yeah. What is it?
I went to a psychic
about Galvin's mark.
Uh, a priestess, really.
She told me
I have darkness in me.
She's probably just
picking up on your witchiness.
No, she...
She told me it's been there
since I was born.
Could she be right?
I-I've always been
rational, dispassionate.
I thought it was okay
to kill Angela Wu.
She was full-on possessed
by the Harbinger of Hell.
Don't be
ridiculous, Macy.
That psychic was a quack.
I'm sure you're right.
So, what did you
have to tell me?
Oh. Nothing.
It's not important.
Oh, okay.
So, how-how did it go
with the Kappas?
They're no longer haunted
by a ghost.
MAGGIE:
Yeah, and
probably just about
done with initiation.
MEL:
Come on.
Let's go home.
I have an idea.
♪ Feet don't fail me.
From darkness
into light
into the sisterhood
we invite
you, Maggie Vera.
Stop laughing,
you're supposed
to be gravely
considering your place
in the vaunted Vera
Vera Vaughn sisterhood.
Vaunted?Very vaunted.
Please
drink from this ceremonial,
sustainable,
reusable water chalice.
With this sip,
you commit to undying loyalty
to the Vera-Vaughns
in the face of joy,
adversity, demons.
By the power
of the pouf, I deem you,
Margarita Emilia Vera,
to have the class
of Princess Di.
R.I.P.
And the sass of Duchess Fergie.
To be officially inducted
into the most bad ass-iest,
most magical sisterhood around.
Oh.
Harry!
What are
you doing?
What's with the suitcases?
The Elders have concluded that,
with the Bookreturned,
you and your
sisters no longer
require...
additional protection.
Back to the
condo for me.
MAGGIE:
Oh, Harry.
I'm gonna miss you.
Me too, actually.
Me three.
I better be off, then.
MAGGIE:
Wait.
Not yet.
You're gonna get initiated.
You can be an
honorary sister.
By the power
of the pouf.Really?
Boop.
Come on.
GREGORIAN:
Hey.
Who the hell are you?
And what are you doing
with that blood?
No one is authorized
to be in here right now.
I'm the head of this...
Not anymore.
MAMA ROZ:
The pillar of your past
holds the key to your darkness.
The pillar.
♪ Maybe it's so gray
♪ The answers I want
for the questions I made ♪
♪ Maybe it's okay
♪ Maybe the only ones honest
are the waves ♪
♪ Maybe...
♪ I spend my time
trying to rewind ♪
♪ To change the choices
that I made ♪
♪ When all this time
I still find your face ♪
♪ Living in the back
of my mind ♪
♪ I'm holding on,
I'm holding. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org